Doc changes for EGW local Preference (#810)
tigera/docs: calico-enterprise/networking/egress/egress-gateway-aws.mdx

- [Verify the feature operation](#verify-the-feature-operation)
- [Control the use of egress gateways](#control-the-use-of-egress-gateways)
- [Policy enforcement for flows via an egress gateway](#policy-enforcement-for-flows-via-an-egress-gateway)

> - [Prefer local egress gateways](#prefer-local-egress-gateways)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Set local egress gateways as the default](#set-local-egress-gateways-as-the-default)
```

:::

> ## Prefer local egress gateways

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Set local egress gateways as the default
```

Reviewer 2: @bmckercher123 This suggestion differs from the one above (but they need to agree for the link to match), do you have a preference?

Reviewer: Yes, they should match. I missed the first instance. Updated to "Set"

> From v3.18, preference can be set to use the local egress gateways. `GatewayPreference` can be set to `PreferNodeLocal` or `None` in the Egress Gateway Policy. By default `GatewayPreference` is set to `None`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you set the `GatewayPreference` to `PreferNodeLocal` or `None`, egress gateways local to the client's node are used if available. If there are no local egress gateways, the fallback is to use the other egress gateways. Default: `None`. 
```

> When set to `PreferNodeLocal`, egress gateways local to the client's node will be used if available. If there are no local egress gateways, we will fallback to using the other egress gateways.

Reviewer: Delete and combine with above paragraph.

> The following is an example of Egress Gateway Policy with GatewayPreference configured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example is an egress gateway policy with the `GatewayPreference` set to use local egress gateways. 
```

```yaml noValidation
apiVersion: projectcalico.org/v3
kind: EgressGatewayPolicy
metadata:
  name: "egw-policy1"
spec:
  rules:

>   // callout-for-next-line

Reviewer 2: What does this special comment do (my guess is that it makes a 1, 2, 3 appear int eh example so you can reference it below but I'm not sure you're doing that)?

Author: Yes right. This is not needed.
